EduClasswork endpoints graph doc (#21131)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/educationmodule-pin.md

---
title: "educationModule: pin"
description: "Pin an educationModule in the classwork list."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "cristobal-buenrostro"
ms.prod: "education"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# educationModule: pin

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Update the **isPinned** property to **true** for an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pin an educationModule in the classwork list. Update the **isPinned** property to **true** for an [educationModule](../resources/educationmodule.md).
```

> Only a teacher in the class can make this call, and only one **module** can be pinned in the classwork list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only teachers can perform this operation.  One single **module** can be pinned in the classwork list at a time. 
```
